HTTP - Hyper Text Transfer Protocol, is the foundation of the World Wide Web, and is used to load webpages.

Question 1 - What's the difference between HTTP1.1 and HTTP2?
Answer - HTTP1.1 - 

1. Developed by Timothy Berners-Lee in 1989 as a communication standard for the WOrld Wide Web, Http is a top level application
   protocol that exchanges information between a client computer and a local or remote web server.
2. In this process, a client sends a text based request to server by calling method like GET or POST, in response, the server sends
   a resource like an HTML page back to the client.
3. In Http1.1 have persistent connections and pipelining, with persistent connection, it assumes that TCP connection should  be kept 
   open unless directly told to close, allow clients to send multiple request with the same connection.
4. In HTTP1.1, since multiple data packets cannot pass each other when travelling to the same destination, there are situations in
   which a request at the head of the queue that cannot retrieve its required resource will block all the request behind it, which
   is known as head-of-line blocking and is a signficant problem with optimizing connection efficiency.
5. In HTTP1.1 flow control replies on underlying TCP connection, when the connection initiates both the client and server
   establish there buffer sizes using their sytem default setting.
   If receiver's buffer is partially filled with data, it will tell the sender its receive window, i.e., the amount of available
   space that remains in its bufferThis receive window is advertised in a signal known as an ACK packet, which is the data packet
   that the receiver sends to acknowledge that it received the opening signal.
6. Because HTTP/1.1 relies on the transport layer to avoid buffer overflow, each new TCP connection requires a separate flow 
   control mechanism.

HTTP2 - 

1. HTTP2 began as the SPDY protocol, developed primarily at GOOGLE with the intention of reducing web page load latency by using 
   techniques such as compression, multiplexing and prioritization, this protocol serve as a template when the hyper text transfer
   protocol working group httpbis of the IETF (Internet ENgineering Task FOrce) put the standard together, culminating in the 
   publication of HTTP2.
2. From a technical point of view, one of the most significant features that distinguishes both HTTP1.1 and 2 is the binary frame
   layering, which can be thought of as part of the application layer in the internet protocol stack.
3. In HTTP2, the binary frame layering encodes requests/responses and cut them into smaller packets of information, greatly 
   increasing the flexibility of data transfer.
4. HTTP2 establishes a single connection object between the two machines, within this connection there are multiple streams of data.
   Each stream consists of multiple messages in the familiar requests/response format. FInally, each of these messages split into 
   smaller units called frames.
5. HTTP/2 multiplexes streams of data within a single TCP connection. As a result, receive windows on the level of the TCP connection
   are not sufficient to regulate the delivery of individual streams.
6. HTTP/2 solves this problem by allowing the client and server to implement their own flow controls, rather than relying on the transport
   layer.
7. Since HTTP/2 enables multiple concurrent responses to a client’s initial GET request, a server can send a resource to a client along with 
   the requested HTML page, providing the resource before the client asks for it. This process is called server push.